Create 2019-05-14-how-to-streamline-infrastructure-monitoring-with-sensu-influxdb-grafana.md (#144)
grafana/grafana.org: 2019-05-XX-how-to-streamline-infrastructure-monitoring-with-sensu-influxdb-grafana.md

To prove it, Attea presented an easy developer-centric use case that leverages [Sensu](https://sensu.io/), a monitoring event pipeline which collects, processes, roots different event types including discovery, availability, telemetry and alerts. 

"The pipeline makes Sensu extremely powerful and completely customizable. So just think Nagios on steroids," Attea told the crowd at GrafanaCon in L.A.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sT-gRT1X47M" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

The company offers multiple mechanisms to monitor performance metrics, whether for applications or for infrastructures.

![Sensu1](/assets/img/blog/Sensu1.png)

With StatsD -- a metric aggregator used to collect values such as gauges, counters, timers, sets -- Sensu agents have an embedded StatsD daemon that listens for UDB traffic. (Read more about this service on the Sensu [blog](https://blog.sensu.io/).)

> To monitor infrastructure, Sensu service checks collect data on monitored nodes and follow the same protocol as Nagios service checks. Each Sensu agent will then run that collection of checks and output that data, produce an exit code, and indicate a specific state. Sensu will then parse the output of that standard out and produces metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor infrastructure, Sensu service checks collect data on monitored nodes and follow the same protocol as Nagios service checks. Each Sensu agent runs the collection of checks, and each check will output data, produce an exit code, and indicate a specific state. Sensu then parses the check output and produces metrics.
```

> While Attea focused on service checks at GrafanaCon, "Spoiler alert: The more complex your stack gets, you'll probably want both [services]," she said.

Reviewer: Not 100% sure of the context here, but I'm guessing this is the intent of the sentence:
```suggestion
While Attea focused on service checks at GrafanaCon, "Spoiler alert: The more complex your stack gets, you'll probably want both [checks and metrics]," she said.
```

"In this specific use case, you can filter this event only if it contains metrics, mutate that event to enrich any metric tags, and add additional context about the data and source of the metrics. Then you would handle the events by sending them off to a time series database," said Attea. 

This diagram also folds in StatsD metrics as well as another integration with a Prometheus metrics endpoint. 

"Essentially any telemetry event that the agent receives will be processed by the backend, which is important because in order to have complete visibility of your app, system, services, infrastructure, you'll likely have to receive data from multiple sources," Attea explained. "It's great that there's a single entry point for all of this data, but as you start to add different event types like availability and alerts, you'll be thankful that the pipeline is dynamic enough to support re-usability all under the same hood."

** Visualizing the Data **

![Sensu6](/assets/img/blog/sensu6.png)

> This Sensu dashboard prioritizes critical events over normal statuses. "It's backend and API driven, so while the Sensu dashboard does provide excellent visibility into the overall health of your system and the state, it doesn't directly visualize time series data," Attea admitted.

Reviewer: We already used admitted above, and here it seems like we're being a little snarky ;)
```suggestion
This Sensu dashboard prioritizes critical events over normal statuses. "It's backend and API driven, so while the Sensu dashboard does provide excellent visibility into the overall health of your system and the state, it doesn't directly visualize time series data," Attea explained.
```
